===specialtys

Address
Home Office
Specialty's Café & Bakery
5050 Hopyard Rd, Suite 250
Pleasanton, CA 94588

https://www.specialtys.com
877.502.2837


Kale Pesto Chicken  $12.99
Spinach & Bacon
Chicken Caesar
Chinese Chicken
Beef & Blue
Turkey & Cranberry
Roasted Turkey

Order summary
Subtotal 20.37
Order Options selected 0.00
4% SF EE Surcharge 0.81
S.F. bag charge 0.10
Enter promo code
Tax 0.00
Enter tip (optional) $  
0.00
Order total 21.28

Welcome to Specialty’s Café and Bakery!
Specialty’s Café and Bakery, Inc. (“Specialty’s,” “we,” “us,” “our”) provides its services (described below) to you through its website located at www.specialtys.com (the “Site”) and through its mobile applications and related services (collectively, such services, including any new features and applications, and the Site, the “Services”), subject to the following Terms of Service (as amended from time to time, the “Terms of Service”). We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised. We will also notify you, either through the Services user interface, in an email notification or through other reasonable means. Any such changes will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) days after they are posted, except that changes addressing new functions of the Services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. Your continued use of the Services after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.

In addition, when using certain services, you will be subject to any additional terms applicable to such services that may be posted on the Services from time to time, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy located at http://specialty’s.com/privacypolicy.aspx. All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service.

